Add ILLA Cloud to Software Development - Low Code (#3557)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Appsmith](https://www.appsmith.com/) - Cloud or self-hosted open-source platform to build admin panels, CRUD apps and workflows. Build everything you need, 10x faster. ([Source Code](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith)) `Apache-2.0` `Java/Docker`
- [Budibase](https://www.budibase.com) - Build and automate internal tools, admin panels, dashboards, CRUD apps, and more, in minutes. Budibase is the open source alternative to Outsystems, Retool, Mendix, Appian. ([Source Code](https://github.com/Budibase/budibase)) `GPL-3.0` `Nodejs`
- [Hadmean](https://hadmean.com) - Don't build in hours but generate in seconds your fully functional admin apps without any technical knowledge with just a single command `npx hadmean`. ([Demo](http://demo.hadmean.com), [Source Code](https://github.com/hadmean/hadmean)) `AGPL-3.0` `Nodejs`

> - [ILLA Cloud](https://www.illacloud.com/) - ILLA is an open source low-code platform alternative to Retool and Appsmith for developers to build internal tools in minutes. ([Demo](https://fast-try.illacloud.com/) [Source Code](https://github.com/illacloud/illa-builder)) `Apache-2.0` `Typescript/Golang`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ILLA Cloud](https://www.illacloud.com/) - ILLA is an open source low-code platform alternative to Retool and Appsmith for developers to build internal tools in minutes. ([Demo](https://fast-try.illacloud.com/) [Source Code](https://github.com/illacloud/illa-builder)) `Apache-2.0` `Docker/Rust`
```

> The Language tag is the main server-side requirement for the software.

>> https://www.illacloud.com/docs/illa-cli
>> You must have Docker before using the ILLA CLI to deploy a self-hosted installation
>> cargo run
